Xiao Dong Xiaohan
Someone climbed over the wall and came in. It seems that there are thieves and thieves
How can I let you bully me after beating you to death?
The princess will not forgive
Miss the little animal child, this voice is a little familiar
Looks like dad
It's dad
Zhu Yueshen
Me.
You are
My mom said there were thieves at home and asked us to come out and fight thieves
Yes, I didn't expect it to be you.
Sorry, I didn't understand the situation.
How did you get over the wall and get in?
I forgot my key.
It was inconvenient to climb over the wall and come in
Excuse me?
It doesn't matter if you forget to bring it fried.
I didn't understand the situation.
You were hurt and I took you to get medicine
Huhu, it doesn't hurt anymore.
It doesn't hurt anymore. What happened?
He actually treated Zhou Yuesheng as a little demon fox
you
Are you hungry? I'll go get you something to eat.
Miss me for giving you a week
If you want to stay
Go get the certificate in a week